Add docs for bugfix-firefox-class-in-computed-class-key (#2885)
babel/website: docs/plugin-bugfix-firefox-class-in-computed-class-key.md

---
id: babel-plugin-bugfix-firefox-class-in-computed-class-key
title: "@babel/plugin-bugfix-firefox-class-in-computed-class-key"
sidebar_label: bugfix-firefox-class-in-computed-class-key
---

> This bugfix plugin transforms optional chaining operators to workaround a [SpiderMonkey bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1887677) with private class elements.

Author: Whops 😅

> This bugfix plugin transforms optional chaining operators to workaround a [SpiderMonkey bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1887677) with private class elements.

Author: ```suggestion
This bugfix plugin transforms classes inside computed keys of other classes to workaround a [SpiderMonkey bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1887677) with private class elements.
```
